Update Jammy instructions (#30666)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/linux-ubuntu.md

| Ubuntu                 | .NET       |
|------------------------|------------|
| [22.04 (LTS)](#2204)   | 6+         |

> | [21.10](#2110)         | 3.1, 6     |

Reviewer: This table should remove 3.1 since it's no longer supported.

Author: What do you mean? The whole table should be removed? 3.1 doesn't go EOL until December.

Reviewer: hahha No I mixed up my dates.

## 22.04

> > Warning: If you've previously installed .NET 6 from `packages.microsoft.com`, see the [Advisory on installing .NET 6 on Ubuntu 22.04].

Reviewer: You don't actually have a link here. Please review the [syntax for alerts](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/spec/docfx_flavored_markdown.html#note-warningtipimportant) (warning/tip/note/etc) and fix up this one and the one below.

.NET 6 is included in Ubuntu 22.04. You can install it with the following commands:

For the .NET SDK:

```bash
sudo apt install -y dotnet6
```

For ASP.NET Core

```bash
sudo apt install -y apt install -y aspnetcore-runtime-6.0
```

For .NET Runtime

```bash
sudo apt install -y apt install -y dotnet-runtime-6.0
```

> ## 22.04 -- packages.microsoft.com

Reviewer: This is a main header, it should be a little cleaner, something like:
```suggestion
## 22.04 (Microsoft package feed)
```

> Warning: .NET 6 is included in Ubuntu 22.04. See the [Advisory on installing .NET 6 on Ubuntu 22.04] if you want to use .NET packages from `packages.microsoft.com`.

[!INCLUDE [linux-prep-intro-apt](includes/linux-prep-intro-apt.md)]

```bash
wget https://packages.microsoft.com/config/ubuntu/22.04/packages-microsoft-prod.deb -O packages-microsoft-prod.deb
sudo dpkg -i packages-microsoft-prod.deb
rm packages-microsoft-prod.deb
```

[!INCLUDE [linux-apt-install-60](includes/linux-install-60-apt.md)]

> Note: [Ubuntu 22.04 includes OpenSSL 3](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/openssl-3-0-transition-plans/24453) as the baseline version. [.NET 6 supports OpenSSL 3](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-6/#security) while earlier .NET versions do not. Microsoft does not test or support using OpenSSL 1.x on Ubuntu 22.04.

Reviewer: Note syntax here, and use conjunctions for **do not** and **does not**. We also don't use inline links when ending with information, use the **For more information, see ...** syntax:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> [Ubuntu 22.04 includes OpenSSL 3](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/openssl-3-0-transition-plans/24453) as the baseline version. .NET 6 supports OpenSSL 3 while earlier .NET versions don't. Microsoft doesn't test or support using OpenSSL 1.x on Ubuntu 22.04. For more information, see [.NET 6 Security Improvements](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-6/#security).
```
